README.md, before:

# MY SECRET PLAN

## WEEK01

1) Folder structure: 
```
/dev/
    |_bootcamp-2024
        |_pocketbase (binary)
        |_app
            |_README.md
            |_node_modules
            |_astro.config.ms
            |_biome.json
            |_package.json
            |_tailwind.config.mis
            |_.gitignore
            |_tsconfig.json
            |_public
            |   |_favicon.svg; logo.svg; screenshot.png
            |_src
                |_env.css
                |_site.css
                |_pages
                |   |_index.astro
                |   |_blog.astro
                |   |_blog
                |      |_[slug].astro
                |
                |_layouts
                |   |_LayoutSite.astro    
                |   |_MarkdownLayout.astro    
                |_content
                |   |_blog
                |       |_hello-world.md   
                |_layouts
                |   |_LayoutSite.astro    
                |   |_MarkdownLayout.astro    
                |component
                |   |_site
                |       |_common  
                |       |  |_Footer.astro
                |       |  |_TopBar.astro
                |       |_homepage  
                |       |  |_FAQ.astro
                |       |  |_Feature.astro
                |       |  |_Hero.astro
                |       |  |_Pricing.astro
                |       |  |_Screenshot.astro
                |       |  |_Testimonial.astro
                |       |  |_FeaturesIcons
                |       |       |_Fast.astro
                |       |       |_Multiplayer.astro
                |       |       |_Person.astro
                |       |       |_Team.astro
         
```
1) Download pocketbase
1) setup admin account
1) Default collection: user
1) Collection API rules: CRUD operations
1) User collection: email/password; options enabled
1) API preview button
1) Logs: api/settings
1) System settings
1) Fake SMTP server: https://mailtrap.io
    1) create account
    1) start testing
    1) show credentials
    1) paste credentials
    1) send test email

1) create new collection: projects, tasks
1) new field => plain text => name
    1) nf => select => status => not started, started, in progress, etc
    1) nf => Relation => created_by (user); gear: cascade delete true
    1) nf => Bool => completed
    1) nf => DateTime => completed_on
    1) nf => Bool started
    1) nf => DateTime => started_on
    1) nf => File => images => select format, select multiple, max 10, thumbsize 0x800, imax 5 242 880
    1) nf => Relation => created_by
1) Editing the API rules
    1) users => gear => API rules
    1) switch to projects: no rule is set. Remove all API rules for both projects and tasks collection
1) ./pocketbase update

## week 02 - Astro

### Pocketbase:

1) SQLite
1) provide model
1) provide API
1) provide authentication
1) provide file upload functionality

### Astro

1) as jsx format
1) render from markdown
1) handle authenticated requests
1) provide a customized dashboard
1) it is the application server

### file structure

1) done

### installation steps

1) go to /flavio/dev/bootcamp-2024
1) npm create astro@latest
1) app, empty, yes to dependencies, yes to typescript, strict, git
1) cd ./app
1) npm run dev
1) pretty extension, settings, user:
    1) editor: format on save
    1) Prettier: single attribute per line
    1) Prettier: single quote
1) Install the Astro tailwind
    1) control C
    1) npx astro add tailwind
    1) npx to run an npm package without installing it first
    1) npm run dev
1) The Feature List
1) git clone https://flavio 

# week03 

## 2. Create a dashboard

1) ./pocketbase serve
1) access it at 4321/_/
1) create new users
1) create new projects: complete the bootcamp, learn htmx, create a blog
1) create new project mine: edit README, create a blog


## 3 Start fetching data from pocketbase

1. npm install pocketbase
1. in src/pages/app/Dashboard.astro:  import pocketbase
1. getfullList() method shows in the terminal app is running.

## 4. Show the project list

1. project.map( i => '<li>{i.name}</li>')
1. 5 = Create layout for the app LayoutApp.astro
1. 6 -  Show projects nicely: one card content
1. at /src/components/app/project/ProjectCard.astro
1. import ProjectCard into Dashboard
1. 7 - Show the project's status
1. in ProjectCard add status, style with the anchor tag pointing to /app/project/${project.id}
1. PROBLEM: a statically generated HTML can not change if database changes, 
1. In order to update the html a new build should be generated. We need to
1. 9 - Enable server side rendering to update data in the html when data is updated in the database
```
npx astro add node
npm install dotenv
```

## 11 - Add a way to create a new project from the app

1. at src/components/app/projects/AddNewProjectCard.asto to add new project
1. import AddNewProjectCard into Dashboard
1. 12 - Create a modal container
1. Add dialog element to LayoutApp
1. In order to reuse modal create at src/pages/app/modals/project/new.astro

## 13 - HTMX

1. Use HTMX
```
npm install htmx.org
```
1. add script to LayoutApp.astro to import htmx.org
1. 14 - show the modal
1. at src/components/app/modals/ModalLayout.astro 
1. use it (import) at src/pages/app/modals/new.astro
1. 15 - Add the form to the modal
1. We need an input field for the name, and cancel/add buttons
1. Each one on its separated files

# SRC/PAGES folder

```
pages
|_app
  |_api
  | |_projects.astro
  | |
  | |_project
  |   |_[project_id].astro
  |   |_[project_id]
  |     |_task.astro
  |     |
  |     |_task
  |       |_[task_id].astro
  |
  |_modals
  | |_project
  |   |_new.astro
  |   |
  |   |_[project.id]
  |     |_edit.astro
  |     |_task
  |       |_task.astro
  |       |_new.astro
  |
  |_project
    |_[project_id].astro

```
## 15 - Add the form to the modal\

1. in ModalLayout.astro
1. import pages/app/modals/new.astro
1. in src/components/app/modal: buttons and inputField
1. import pages/app/modals/project/new.astro

## 16 - Close modal when outside of it
```
npm install alpine
npm install --dev @types/alpinejs
```
1. import in src/layouts/LayoutApp Alpine.start()
1. use in ModalLayout.astro

## 17 - Create new project
1. move db to ~/data/pocketbase.ts
```
npm install --save-dev @typas/node
```
1. edit in pocketbase.js getProjects(), use in dashboard.astro
1. 18 - Single project page: display one project
1. in pages/app/project/[project_id].astro => URL route /app/project/:project_id
1. add getProject(id) => getOneProject(id)
1. 19 - Button to add task to a project
1. in [project_id].astro
1. in components/app/tasks ButtonAddTask.astro
1. import to [project_id].astro
1. page route /modals/project/${project_id}/task/new
1. Create the file src/pages/app/modals/project/[project_id]/task/new.astro
1. ROUTE:  hx-post={`/app/api/project/${project_id}/task`}> as src/pages/app/api/project/[project_id]/task.astro
1. in pocketbase.ts edit addTask()

## 20 - List all tasks from a project

1. edit getTasks(project_id) in pocketbase.ts
1. use this in src/pages/app/project/[project_id].astro
1. conditional rendering "no tasks" OR list of tasks. The color is white, so item not seen right away.

## MOD3 CONTENT
```
1:	Introduction to the module
2:	Create a dashboard
3:	Start fetching data from PocketBase
4:	Show the projects list on the page
5:	Create a layout for the app
6:	Show projects nicely
7:	Show the project status
8:	The problem we’re facing with static site rendering
9:	Enable SSR mode in Astro
10:	SSR vs SSG mode
11:	Add a way to create a new project from the app
12:	Create a modal container
13:	Time to introduce htmx
14:	Show the modal
15:	Add the form to the modal
16:	Close the modal when we click outside of it
17:	Create the new project
18:	Create the single project page
19:	Add a way to add tasks to a project
20:	List the project tasks
21:	Troubleshooting
22:	Wrapping up
```

## MOD4

1. Add a sidebar: 
1. ![add sidebar](/public/_image.webp)
1. @component Sidebar.astro, include in LayoutApp.astro. Fixt titles in dashboard.astro
1. fix in single project view at pages/app/project/[project_id].astro
1. 3 - List projects in sidebar
1. 4 - Add hamburguer menu using Alpine x-data='{showMenu:false}'
1. set autocancellation off. Create a button in @components, include it in dashboard.astro
1. 5 - Add x-cloak to prevent flickering
1. 6 - create app.css styles tag from LayoutApp.astro
1. 9 - fix typescript error. Done with node 20.11 in cmd because gitbash was 18.16 with no change
1. 11 - Delete a project: BUTTON tag hx-delete={'/app/api/project/${project_id}'}; hx-confirm=''
1. 12 - Edit project status @component/project/status.astro: hx-put, hx-swap, hx-vals; used in page/app/project/[project_id].astro
1. 13 - PUT project name
1. 14 - Delete a task
1. 15 - Add a way to mark task as done: IconCheck.astro; BUTTON in FORM 
1. 16 - Show done taks in a different list: one list task-todo, another task-done
1. 17 - Star a task: BUTTON starTask in FORM hx-trigger='click' 
1. 18 - Show starred tasks in dashboard

```
C:\USERS\CREEPERPANDATREX\DOCUMENTS\2024\_MYGITHUB\BOOTCAMP-2024\SRC
├───components
│   ├───app
│   │   ├───modals
│   │   ├───projects
│   │   └───tasks
│   └───site
│       ├───common
│       └───homepage
│           └───FeaturesIcons
├───content
│   └───blog
├───data
├───layouts
└───pages
    ├───app
    │   ├───api
    │   │   └───project
    │   │       └───[project_id]
    │   │           └───task
    │   ├───modals
    │   │   └───project
    │   │       └───[project_id]
    │   │           └───task
    │   └───project
    └───blog
```
1. / 
1. 
```
C:\USERS\CREEPERPANDATREX\DOCUMENTS\2024\_MYGITHUB\BOOTCAMP-2024\SRC
│   app.css
│   env.d.ts
│   site.css
│
├───components
│   ├───app
│   │   │   HamburgerMenuButton.astro
│   │   │   Sidebar.astro
│   │   │
│   │   ├───modals
│   │   │       ButtonCancel.astro
│   │   │       ButtonSubmit.astro
│   │   │       InputField.astro
│   │   │       ModalLayout.astro
│   │   │
│   │   ├───projects
│   │   │       AddNewProjectCard.astro
│   │   │       ProjectCard.astro
│   │   │       ProjectStatus.astro
│   │   │
│   │   └───tasks
│   │           ButtonAddNewTask.astro
│   │
│   └───site
│       ├───common
│       │       Footer.astro
│       │       TopBar.astro
│       │
│       └───homepage
│           │   FAQ.astro
│           │   Features.astro
│           │   Hero.astro
│           │   Pricing.astro
│           │   Screenshot.astro
│           │   Testimonial.astro
│           │
│           └───FeaturesIcons
│                   Fast.astro
│                   Multiplayer.astro
│                   Person.astro
│                   Team.astro
│
├───content
│   │   config.ts
│   │
│   └───blog
│           hello-world.md
│
├───data
│       pocketbase-types.ts
│       pocketbase.ts
│
├───layouts
│       LayoutApp.astro
│       LayoutSite.astro
│       MarkdownLayout.astro
│
└───pages
    │   blog.astro
    │   index.astro
    │
    ├───app
    │   │   dashboard.astro
    │   │
    │   ├───api
    │   │   │   projects.astro
    │   │   │
    │   │   └───project
    │   │       │   [project_id].astro
    │   │       │
    │   │       └───[project_id]
    │   │           │   task.astro
    │   │           │
    │   │           └───task
    │   │                   [task_id].astro
    │   │
    │   ├───modals
    │   │   └───project
    │   │       │   new.astro
    │   │       │
    │   │       └───[project_id]
    │   │           │   edit.astro
    │   │           │
    │   │           └───task
    │   │                   new.astro
    │   │                   task.astro
    │   │
    │   └───project
    │           [project_id].astro
    │
    └───blog
            [slug].astro
```

1. CONTENT
```
1:	Introduction to the module
2:	Add a sidebar
3:	List projects in the sidebar
4:	Add hamburger menu to show projects list on mobile
5:	Add x-cloak to prevent flicker
6:	Moving styles to app.css
7:	Use hx-boost to smooth navigation
8:	Sort projects by status
9:	Fix the TS errors
10:	Use the logo font for the pages title
11:	Delete a project
12:	Allow to edit the project status
13:	Let people edit the project’s name.
14:	Delete a task
15:	Add a way to mark tasks as done
16:	Show “done” tasks in a different list
17:	Star a task
18:	Show starred tasks in the dashboard
19:	Edit the task text
20:	Wrapping up
```
1. 17 - Star a task.
1. 18 - show starred tasks in dashboard
1. First tried to create a ProjectCard only for starred but the starred tasks repeated the same number of projects. The original uses TaskList but passing a starred boolean flag together with completed flag as a prop
1. 19 - Edit the task text: it is not working, even with mod4 downloaded from flaviocopes github account
1. Modified the package.json file to add "npm run dev --host" so the server is available over the network.

# MOD5

1. 
```
1:	Introduction to the module
2:	Add signup page
3:	Implement logout
4:	Redirect /app to /app/dashboard
5:	Login protect all routes and APIs
6:	List user-specific data
7:	New data will be associated with the current user
8:	Forgot password
9:	Email validation
10:	Adding a “captcha” to auth forms with Cloudflare Turnstile
```
1. .

Commit message:

MYMOD5: isLogedIn(), set cookie, logout, protect routes, vefiry email

README.md, after:

# MY SECRET PLAN

## WEEK01

1) Folder structure: 
```
/dev/
    |_bootcamp-2024
        |_pocketbase (binary)
        |_app
            |_README.md
            |_node_modules
            |_astro.config.ms
            |_biome.json
            |_package.json
            |_tailwind.config.mis
            |_.gitignore
            |_tsconfig.json
            |_public
            |   |_favicon.svg; logo.svg; screenshot.png
            |_src
                |_env.css
                |_site.css
                |_pages
                |   |_index.astro
                |   |_blog.astro
                |   |_blog
                |      |_[slug].astro
                |
                |_layouts
                |   |_LayoutSite.astro    
                |   |_MarkdownLayout.astro    
                |_content
                |   |_blog
                |       |_hello-world.md   
                |_layouts
                |   |_LayoutSite.astro    
                |   |_MarkdownLayout.astro    
                |component
                |   |_site
                |       |_common  
                |       |  |_Footer.astro
                |       |  |_TopBar.astro
                |       |_homepage  
                |       |  |_FAQ.astro
                |       |  |_Feature.astro
                |       |  |_Hero.astro
                |       |  |_Pricing.astro
                |       |  |_Screenshot.astro
                |       |  |_Testimonial.astro
                |       |  |_FeaturesIcons
                |       |       |_Fast.astro
                |       |       |_Multiplayer.astro
                |       |       |_Person.astro
                |       |       |_Team.astro
         
```
1) Download pocketbase
1) setup admin account
1) Default collection: user
1) Collection API rules: CRUD operations
1) User collection: email/password; options enabled
1) API preview button
1) Logs: api/settings
1) System settings
1) Fake SMTP server: https://mailtrap.io
    1) create account
    1) start testing
    1) show credentials
    1) paste credentials
    1) send test email

1) create new collection: projects, tasks
1) new field => plain text => name
    1) nf => select => status => not started, started, in progress, etc
    1) nf => Relation => created_by (user); gear: cascade delete true
    1) nf => Bool => completed
    1) nf => DateTime => completed_on
    1) nf => Bool started
    1) nf => DateTime => started_on
    1) nf => File => images => select format, select multiple, max 10, thumbsize 0x800, imax 5 242 880
    1) nf => Relation => created_by
1) Editing the API rules
    1) users => gear => API rules
    1) switch to projects: no rule is set. Remove all API rules for both projects and tasks collection
1) ./pocketbase update

## week 02 - Astro

### Pocketbase:

1) SQLite
1) provide model
1) provide API
1) provide authentication
1) provide file upload functionality

### Astro

1) as jsx format
1) render from markdown
1) handle authenticated requests
1) provide a customized dashboard
1) it is the application server

### file structure

1) done

### installation steps

1) go to /flavio/dev/bootcamp-2024
1) npm create astro@latest
1) app, empty, yes to dependencies, yes to typescript, strict, git
1) cd ./app
1) npm run dev
1) pretty extension, settings, user:
    1) editor: format on save
    1) Prettier: single attribute per line
    1) Prettier: single quote
1) Install the Astro tailwind
    1) control C
    1) npx astro add tailwind
    1) npx to run an npm package without installing it first
    1) npm run dev
1) The Feature List
1) git clone https://flavio 

# week03 

## 2. Create a dashboard

1) ./pocketbase serve
1) access it at 4321/_/
1) create new users
1) create new projects: complete the bootcamp, learn htmx, create a blog
1) create new project mine: edit README, create a blog


## 3 Start fetching data from pocketbase

1. npm install pocketbase
1. in src/pages/app/Dashboard.astro:  import pocketbase
1. getfullList() method shows in the terminal app is running.

## 4. Show the project list

1. project.map( i => '<li>{i.name}</li>')
1. 5 = Create layout for the app LayoutApp.astro
1. 6 -  Show projects nicely: one card content
1. at /src/components/app/project/ProjectCard.astro
1. import ProjectCard into Dashboard
1. 7 - Show the project's status
1. in ProjectCard add status, style with the anchor tag pointing to /app/project/${project.id}
1. PROBLEM: a statically generated HTML can not change if database changes, 
1. In order to update the html a new build should be generated. We need to
1. 9 - Enable server side rendering to update data in the html when data is updated in the database
```
npx astro add node
npm install dotenv
```

## 11 - Add a way to create a new project from the app

1. at src/components/app/projects/AddNewProjectCard.asto to add new project
1. import AddNewProjectCard into Dashboard
1. 12 - Create a modal container
1. Add dialog element to LayoutApp
1. In order to reuse modal create at src/pages/app/modals/project/new.astro

## 13 - HTMX

1. Use HTMX
```
npm install htmx.org
```
1. add script to LayoutApp.astro to import htmx.org
1. 14 - show the modal
1. at src/components/app/modals/ModalLayout.astro 
1. use it (import) at src/pages/app/modals/new.astro
1. 15 - Add the form to the modal
1. We need an input field for the name, and cancel/add buttons
1. Each one on its separated files

# SRC/PAGES folder

```
pages
|_app
  |_api
  | |_projects.astro
  | |
  | |_project
  |   |_[project_id].astro
  |   |_[project_id]
  |     |_task.astro
  |     |
  |     |_task
  |       |_[task_id].astro
  |
  |_modals
  | |_project
  |   |_new.astro
  |   |
  |   |_[project.id]
  |     |_edit.astro
  |     |_task
  |       |_task.astro
  |       |_new.astro
  |
  |_project
    |_[project_id].astro

```
## 15 - Add the form to the modal\

1. in ModalLayout.astro
1. import pages/app/modals/new.astro
1. in src/components/app/modal: buttons and inputField
1. import pages/app/modals/project/new.astro

## 16 - Close modal when outside of it
```
npm install alpine
npm install --dev @types/alpinejs
```
1. import in src/layouts/LayoutApp Alpine.start()
1. use in ModalLayout.astro

## 17 - Create new project
1. move db to ~/data/pocketbase.ts
```
npm install --save-dev @typas/node
```
1. edit in pocketbase.js getProjects(), use in dashboard.astro
1. 18 - Single project page: display one project
1. in pages/app/project/[project_id].astro => URL route /app/project/:project_id
1. add getProject(id) => getOneProject(id)
1. 19 - Button to add task to a project
1. in [project_id].astro
1. in components/app/tasks ButtonAddTask.astro
1. import to [project_id].astro
1. page route /modals/project/${project_id}/task/new
1. Create the file src/pages/app/modals/project/[project_id]/task/new.astro
1. ROUTE:  hx-post={`/app/api/project/${project_id}/task`}> as src/pages/app/api/project/[project_id]/task.astro
1. in pocketbase.ts edit addTask()

## 20 - List all tasks from a project

1. edit getTasks(project_id) in pocketbase.ts
1. use this in src/pages/app/project/[project_id].astro
1. conditional rendering "no tasks" OR list of tasks. The color is white, so item not seen right away.

## MOD3 CONTENT
```
1:	Introduction to the module
2:	Create a dashboard
3:	Start fetching data from PocketBase
4:	Show the projects list on the page
5:	Create a layout for the app
6:	Show projects nicely
7:	Show the project status
8:	The problem we’re facing with static site rendering
9:	Enable SSR mode in Astro
10:	SSR vs SSG mode
11:	Add a way to create a new project from the app
12:	Create a modal container
13:	Time to introduce htmx
14:	Show the modal
15:	Add the form to the modal
16:	Close the modal when we click outside of it
17:	Create the new project
18:	Create the single project page
19:	Add a way to add tasks to a project
20:	List the project tasks
21:	Troubleshooting
22:	Wrapping up
```

## MOD4

1. Add a sidebar: 
1. ![add sidebar](/public/_image.webp)
1. @component Sidebar.astro, include in LayoutApp.astro. Fixt titles in dashboard.astro
1. fix in single project view at pages/app/project/[project_id].astro
1. 3 - List projects in sidebar
1. 4 - Add hamburguer menu using Alpine x-data='{showMenu:false}'
1. set autocancellation off. Create a button in @components, include it in dashboard.astro
1. 5 - Add x-cloak to prevent flickering
1. 6 - create app.css styles tag from LayoutApp.astro
1. 9 - fix typescript error. Done with node 20.11 in cmd because gitbash was 18.16 with no change
1. 11 - Delete a project: BUTTON tag hx-delete={'/app/api/project/${project_id}'}; hx-confirm=''
1. 12 - Edit project status @component/project/status.astro: hx-put, hx-swap, hx-vals; used in page/app/project/[project_id].astro
1. 13 - PUT project name
1. 14 - Delete a task
1. 15 - Add a way to mark task as done: IconCheck.astro; BUTTON in FORM 
1. 16 - Show done taks in a different list: one list task-todo, another task-done
1. 17 - Star a task: BUTTON starTask in FORM hx-trigger='click' 
1. 18 - Show starred tasks in dashboard

```
C:\USERS\CREEPERPANDATREX\DOCUMENTS\2024\_MYGITHUB\BOOTCAMP-2024\SRC
├───components
│   ├───app
│   │   ├───modals
│   │   ├───projects
│   │   └───tasks
│   └───site
│       ├───common
│       └───homepage
│           └───FeaturesIcons
├───content
│   └───blog
├───data
├───layouts
└───pages
    ├───app
    │   ├───api
    │   │   └───project
    │   │       └───[project_id]
    │   │           └───task
    │   ├───modals
    │   │   └───project
    │   │       └───[project_id]
    │   │           └───task
    │   └───project
    └───blog
```
1. / 
1. 
```
C:\USERS\CREEPERPANDATREX\DOCUMENTS\2024\_MYGITHUB\BOOTCAMP-2024\SRC
│   app.css
│   env.d.ts
│   site.css
│
├───components
│   ├───app
│   │   │   HamburgerMenuButton.astro
│   │   │   Sidebar.astro
│   │   │
│   │   ├───modals
│   │   │       ButtonCancel.astro
│   │   │       ButtonSubmit.astro
│   │   │       InputField.astro
│   │   │       ModalLayout.astro
│   │   │
│   │   ├───projects
│   │   │       AddNewProjectCard.astro
│   │   │       ProjectCard.astro
│   │   │       ProjectStatus.astro
│   │   │
│   │   └───tasks
│   │           ButtonAddNewTask.astro
│   │
│   └───site
│       ├───common
│       │       Footer.astro
│       │       TopBar.astro
│       │
│       └───homepage
│           │   FAQ.astro
│           │   Features.astro
│           │   Hero.astro
│           │   Pricing.astro
│           │   Screenshot.astro
│           │   Testimonial.astro
│           │
│           └───FeaturesIcons
│                   Fast.astro
│                   Multiplayer.astro
│                   Person.astro
│                   Team.astro
│
├───content
│   │   config.ts
│   │
│   └───blog
│           hello-world.md
│
├───data
│       pocketbase-types.ts
│       pocketbase.ts
│
├───layouts
│       LayoutApp.astro
│       LayoutSite.astro
│       MarkdownLayout.astro
│
└───pages
    │   blog.astro
    │   index.astro
    │
    ├───app
    │   │   dashboard.astro
    │   │
    │   ├───api
    │   │   │   projects.astro
    │   │   │
    │   │   └───project
    │   │       │   [project_id].astro
    │   │       │
    │   │       └───[project_id]
    │   │           │   task.astro
    │   │           │
    │   │           └───task
    │   │                   [task_id].astro
    │   │
    │   ├───modals
    │   │   └───project
    │   │       │   new.astro
    │   │       │
    │   │       └───[project_id]
    │   │           │   edit.astro
    │   │           │
    │   │           └───task
    │   │                   new.astro
    │   │                   task.astro
    │   │
    │   └───project
    │           [project_id].astro
    │
    └───blog
            [slug].astro
```

1. CONTENT
```
1:	Introduction to the module
2:	Add a sidebar
3:	List projects in the sidebar
4:	Add hamburger menu to show projects list on mobile
5:	Add x-cloak to prevent flicker
6:	Moving styles to app.css
7:	Use hx-boost to smooth navigation
8:	Sort projects by status
9:	Fix the TS errors
10:	Use the logo font for the pages title
11:	Delete a project
12:	Allow to edit the project status
13:	Let people edit the project’s name.
14:	Delete a task
15:	Add a way to mark tasks as done
16:	Show “done” tasks in a different list
17:	Star a task
18:	Show starred tasks in the dashboard
19:	Edit the task text
20:	Wrapping up
```
1. 17 - Star a task.
1. 18 - show starred tasks in dashboard
1. First tried to create a ProjectCard only for starred but the starred tasks repeated the same number of projects. The original uses TaskList but passing a starred boolean flag together with completed flag as a prop
1. 19 - Edit the task text: it is not working, even with mod4 downloaded from flaviocopes github account
1. Modified the package.json file to add "npm run dev --host" so the server is available over the network.

# MOD5

1. 
```
1:	Introduction to the module
2:	Add signup page
3:	Implement logout
4:	Redirect /app to /app/dashboard
5:	Login protect all routes and APIs
6:	List user-specific data
7:	New data will be associated with the current user
8:	Forgot password
9:	Email validation
10:	Adding a “captcha” to auth forms with Cloudflare Turnstile
```
1. Signup page route '/signup' get and post from a form, local validation,
1. server side validation in src/lib/auth.ts
1. Once validated createUser(), loginUser(), setCookieRedirectToDashboard()
1. Only if user is not logged, so check if isLoggedIn()
1. Go to pocketbase. On users and projects go to setting, api rules and set the rules
1. Implemented logout: by deleting cookie or creating if !isLoggedIn() redirect to /login
and set-Cookie to beginning of epoch
1. redirect /app to /app/dashboard in astro.config.mjs
1. Protect routes after login: Add a function to all possible routes (nope)
1. OR create middleware as src/middleware.ts with defineMiddleware and isLoggedIn
1. Check only what it belongs to the current user. Not possible to do anything to 
another user's content
1. Request password reset: only by using smtp fake not done
1. Validate email and allow to look things only if isLoggedIn() otherwise redirect to /login
1. Captcha not done
